[Music]
you know they say we see everything once
in this cake
pretty sure we've never seen they think
they this
[Music]
help
you all right i'm fine
the bad news is it's inoperable and that
will start your radiation
[Music]
what's going on with you
i want to know that there's meaning in
the things i do
if you're watching this i'm probably
trying to convince you of something
pretty unbelievable
i'm dead
they do anything to get her back but
this is i mean the next dose could kill
you
they're things that are far worse
than death
[Music]
what happened to him
they're not returning
it's got to be me you can't deal with
reality yeah
the clock keeps ticking down
the time is an illusion
[Music]
you